Hello there. I will happily provide some more information. Two quick notes first tho: 1. These files have recently moved, to the same place just behind an additional "NSFW" labeled folder. 2. I'm not sure if this email reply handles attachments and I can't seem to find this ticket on my github account, and don't want to risk anything, so all mentioned attachments will be [here](https://github.com/ClaraCrazy/Flipper-Xtreme/tree/dev/.github/dont%20touch) safely within a github folder of the development branch. 

Now, let's talk about the theme. Have a look at the "Social Preview" banner that is set for this repository, and have a read through the "About" text that is to be found on the top right of the repo. (`The Dom amongst the Flipper Zero Firmware. Give your Flipper the power and freedom it is really craving. Let it show you its true form. Don't delay, switch to the one and only true Master today!`) This is where the theme starts. It clearly has a dominant touch, while also still making sure that everyone understands that this is Firmware, not some porn ad. 

Implementation is simple. These animations can be seen on the main screen. See [Attachment_01.mp4](https://github.com/ClaraCrazy/Flipper-Xtreme/blob/dev/.github/dont%20touch/readme.md#video-in-embedded) This short video also shows how it can be turned off. Note that this feature is in the dev version. In the current release, there is no "Xtreme settings" application yet, but rather just the one toggle for "SFW mode", in case you try to find it in the code, its current implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/ClaraCrazy/Flipper-Xtreme/blob/main/applications/services/desktop/views/desktop_view_lock_menu.c#L75) Now, additionally to this purely dominant aspect, we have also noticed that people would use their device a lot more, as our implementation allows the User to unlock a new animation with each level, hence the folder names "lvl_01", "lvl_02"... "lvl_30". As seen in the previously mentioned attachment, these animations ofc go away and will reveal the assets used in the official firmware, for those that purely want our other features but no NSFW content, or simply can't have it enabled all the time due to whatever reason they may have. 

At this point, it should be noted that the end-user, in almost all cases, is of legal age. The tool isn't that cheap and as it's a pentesting device you would not find millions of kids using it otherwise, we would not be doing this either. While you probably don't care about off-platform content, we make sure of that on our community spaces like the Discord too, not allowing entry for underage people and recommending cleaner firmware for them. 

Back to assets, we also simply have my personal artistic style. I am a rather open person when it comes to topics like that, and being allowed to work freely on a project like that, able to just throw in my own touch feels great. I don't do any adult content, not that kind of person, but simply having this little touch of "hey, here's me with this whip, for all you crazy pentesters with a boring job out there" really makes me smile. 

And it makes the community smile too. I have asked for some feedback on my discord, and even tho its midnight right now for most people in this community space, I already gathered a few responses for you to read, located [here]() I got these in a span of only a few minutes after simply asking for feedback. As you can see, it's certainly welcome. Mind you, I did not screenshot the comments of people simply saying "looks nice", because that's not the feedback we are after in this case. A further indicator is the incredible 650+ github stars by now, which is more than I ever expected. The community server is at 2k people as well, this is not a niche thing 3 people like, it's welcomed in the industry.

I get that this is github, not pornhub, but it's not like we are displaying full-on sex tapes on the readme, or exposing 15-year-olds to this stuff, that will just download it to their phone. It's hidden in the repository, it's on a device made for pentesting, and it's especially not sexual violence &/ including minors as the original report said. Now, I hope you guys have what you are looking for. Please come back to me if not. I'm not trying to mess with anyone, or create a shocking response, or anything like that. This is me writing firmware with a simple twist on a boring system that is welcomed by its community and I hope you can see that. 

Have a wonderful rest of your day, sorry for the wall of text


Kind Regards
Clara K. aka. ClaraCrazy
